#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Developing a Statement of Teaching Philosophy (SOTP) for Academic Job Applicatio
ns
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
socreative.com - site to allow student to answer by typing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Statement of teaching is required for most faculty job positions and even
 for research jobs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Understand key features to included in a SOTP based on the job posting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How to improve ur content? Have more teaching experience! Just ask your
 instructor!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Features:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
colaboration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
community enagement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
All UCD TA has diverse group teaching experience
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
ordering of content illustrate significance of responsibility and tasks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The reasons behind how and why you want to teach?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-What didn't work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-Evidence of student learning
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-Experience positive or negative
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
grade: 1, 1, 3 (general goals are a little bit vague), 3 (this point seems
 missing), 1 (very instructive), 4 (seems missing), 4 (missing?), 3 (mostly
 about growth in students, very student oriented) = 20.

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
E.g.
 very well written; very student oriented statement; talk a lot about the
 growth about student, but didn't mention self-growth and course evaluation
 and assessment;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Use concrete examples (just one sentence is enough).
 Not be fluffy (not straightforward, way too polished).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Challange in writing SOTP:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Language: Avoid starting too many sentences with
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Present tense.
 Subject are alway people.
 Verbs are actions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Use template + rubric!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
E.g.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a teacher I strive to engage, challenge, and inspire growth in my students.
 It is my belief that every student is capable of tasting the passion that
 I feel for psychology by becoming collaborators in the exploration of psycholog
ical theory, research, and practice.
 To engage my students in the study of psychology, I begin by crafting stories
 that draw them into the thick of the learning experience.
 Behind every statistical technique, clinical intervention, and theoretical
 argument is a vivid anecdote, and I believe that it is my job, in part
 , to share these tales with my students.
 I prefer to teach through demonstrations: by conducting mini-experiments
 and analyzing data in the classroom, by participating in small group debates
 and role-plays, by observing and chronicling behaviors from the real world,
 and by discussing clinical case studies .
 I aim to immerse my students in the topics that I love.
 I believe that psychology, like a foreign language, is best learned by
 immersion; immersion in the context that led the researcher, teacher, or
 clinician to ask her question about the human mind.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To challenge and be challenged by my students is my second goal.
 I begin with the belief that every student possesses unique capabilities
 that can be shared with others if given the appropriate supports.
 I challenge my students to share opinions with and to mentor one another.
 I encourage brainstorming sessions, group projects, and group presentations.
 It is my hope that students leave my classroom knowing what it means to
 be a collaborator.
 I also expect to be challenged by my students an expectation I hope to
 communicate to the class early on.
 I encourage my students to ask questions, and I am straightforward about
 not having all of the answers.
 When I become stuck I seek the input of my colleagues, my books, and the
 endless array of resources that can be found on the Internet.
 When I next return to the classroom, I share not only the answer that I've
 found, but also the process I went through to discover it.
 Above all else, I challenge my students to understand that I am open to
 their thoughts, eager to hear their opinions, and thrilled to learn with
 and through them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, I attempt to inspire growth in my students by giving them tools
 to take into other disciplines and into other domains of their life.
 Among these tools are a sense of curiosity, open-mindedness, and a thirst
 for knowledge.
 I would like my students to observe and begin to question the purpose and
 meaning of human thought, behavior, and emotions.
 After becoming skilled observers, I would like my students to use their
 tools to ask a few good questions, to creatively design a way of answering
 these questions, and to openly share their new knowledge with others.
 One of the beauties of psychology is its ability to translate across many
 disciplines and across many areas of life.
 Although my passion is for psychology in particular, one of the greatest
 goals I have is to teach my students to become motivated, insightful, and
 enthusiastic thinkers.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
